Update backend user object documentation (#6593)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Backend/BackendUserObject.rst

Backend user object
===================

The backend user of a session is by default available in extensions
as the global variable :php:`$GLOBALS['BE_USER']` only in backend contexts. This object is created in
:php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Middleware\BackendUserAuthenticator` middleware for a standard web request
and is an instance of the class :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Authentication\BackendUserAuthentication`
(which extends :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Authentication\AbstractUserAuthentication`).

> When working with middlewares in the frontend or with CLI and commands you might initialize the backend user object with :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Core\Bootstrap::initializeBackendUser()`. 

Reviewer: Why would you like to instantiate a backend user in frontend via middleware? Is there a use case?

Author: This is just a possible case. It is described as it can be done. Maybe a middleware should send an email to a logged in backend user.

> When working with middlewares in the frontend or with CLI and commands you might initialize the backend user object with :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Core\Bootstrap::initializeBackendUser()`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When working with CLI and commands you might initialize the backend user object with :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Core\Bootstrap::initializeBackendUser()`. 
```

In addition, you can call :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\Core\Bootstrap::initializeBackendAuthentication()` 

> to load the language of the CLI user set in the backend so that view helpers 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to load the language of the CLI user set in the backend so that ViewHelpers
```
